Demisto-sdk release 1.37.2 (#4906)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## 1.37.2 (2025-04-09)
### Fix

> * Fixed an issue where pre-commit failed when run on new docker image. [#4905](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4905)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where ***pre-commit*** failed when run on new docker image. [#4905](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4905)
```

> * Fixed an issue in the unify, when there is a hyphen in the pack id. [#4900](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4900)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in the ***unify*** command where a hyphen in the pack id would cause parsing error. [#4900](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4900)
```
